Hey.
Welcome.
Now, after all these fields are filled in and immediately the user clicks on, sign up, what are we
going to do is we're going to show a circle of progress indicator to tell the user that, hey, your
account has been created and you have to wait till it finishes.
Okay, then in order to do this, we are going to need to go back to our VC code and then the landing
customer screen and now we can use controller and B to make the switch.
Now the first step is we're going to create a variable which is going to be a type of boo.
And the reason is because the variable is going to be the true or false value.
So in order to do that over here, we can just go ahead and specify this variable is going to be a type
of boo and we can call this variable is loading and defaults.
We're going to set it to false.
You're going to see why shortly.
Okay.
And what we can also do is we can make our code a bit more cleaner.
So over here.
Where we have this, you can alight and use control and see to copy.
And now we can get rid of it.
And.
Over here, we can then create a function which we are going to call sign up.
And we can then place this.
And what we can as well do.
We can wait for it by using the async via.
And I wait.
Great.
And now we can then create the load spinner.
Immediately the user clicks on the sign up.
We are going to test it because we basically want to update the UI to something else.
So over here we can test that states.
Said states.
And we're going to set a slowdown.
That is its variable, its load is going to be equal to two.
So we want to start loading.
Okay.
And after the account has been created or if there is any error, we are also going to set states because
we are going to stop the load spinner.
So over here we can say set state.
And we're going to set a slowdown.
Back to forest.
That is, we want to stop loading.
For us.
Okay, great.
And now we can do some check.
Over this test.
We jets where we have the sign up.
Okay, this is it.
But before then, we can just call this function.
So over here we can call the sign up function.
Sign up, and now we can have some check.
So over here, this test.
It's going to scroll down a bit and over here we can say if it's loaded, that is slow loading.
It's equal to true.
Then we want to display something known as circular.
Secular.
Progress.
Indicates a cycle of progress.
And the kids are.
So I just think we have to call this.
If it is law, then we want to display a circular progress indicator.
Else if it is not loading, then we want to display the test.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically it is control and let's say.
So over here.
We created a rainbow card.
It's slow then, and it is a type of bull because it is a type of true or false value.
And that's what make our code more cleaner.
We created a function and we basically just pasted this and over a minute the user clicks on sign up.
We want to start loading and after the account has been created, or if there is no error or if there
is an error, we want to basically stop the load spinner.
You're going to see this in practice.
Okay.
So first of all, we just have to go to our experts and now we can click on Sign Up.
If you can see, please fill must not be empty.
And that is because these fields are not yet filled.
Okay, so we can just create an account.
My colleague.
Going to use McCauley and G.M..
That's calm.
Sorry.
This should be the full name.
So for the full name, I'm just going to use my colleague famous.
And we're just going to use my colleague.
So for that.
My colleague at.
Right.
So we had.
It's become a bit crazy.
That's calm.
And the password is B, Y and ESI.
Now click on signup like you can see the loading spinner and after the account has been created, it's
going to start.
You can see the accounts of this currently going on.
The account has been created and it has stopped loading OC.
You can see why I think we printed the email in the last lecture.
So this is the email.
Seems good, right?
Okay.
So you can see we're basically printing the email.
After the accounts.
You can see over here, we said once the account has been created, we basically want to print the email
to the consumer.
And that is why you send it via.
So you can see the value and accounts created.
Okay, great.
So what we can do is.
We can.
Have some style.
Okay.
We tend to circle our progress indicator.
There we have this progress indicator.
I'm just going to look for it.
Okay.
This is the way we can see color that is going to change that little spinner.
You can see color that's going to be colors that.
Whites.
Okay.
And this conference is safe.
And upon your seminar.
They're going to have an error because the account is already existing.
But we're just going to track click on sign up.
You can see clearly something's going on and there is an error because.
That account as we created in our database.
But you can see currently is white.
Okay, so let's change the email to something else.
So I can see my colleague Mark.
And click on Sign Up.
Currently no account has been created.
Okay.
So you can see accounts created.
My colleague Mark Sims.
Good luck, guys.
See you.
And then this lecture.